doc: clarify DiffieHellmanGroup class docs (#38363)
nodejs/node: doc/api/crypto.md

added: v0.7.5
-->

The `DiffieHellmanGroup` class takes a well-known modp group as its argument.

> It Works the same as `DiffieHellman`, except that it does not allow changing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It works the same as `DiffieHellman`, except that it does not allow changing
```

> Works the same as `DiffieHellman`, except that it does not allow changing its

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It works the same as `DiffieHellman`, except that it does not allow changing its
```

> its keys after creation - i.e. it does not implement `setPublicKey` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its keys after creation. In other words, it does not implement `setPublicKey()` or
```

Reviewer: If you do this suggestion, you'll need to re-wrap because this line is now over 80 chars.

> keys after creation - i.e. does not implement `setPublicKey` or `setPrivateKey`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
keys after creation - i.e. it does not implement `setPublicKey` or `setPrivateKey`
```

> `setPrivateKey` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`setPrivateKey()` methods.
```

> its keys after creation - i.e. it does not implement `setPublicKey` or
> `setPrivateKey` methods.

Reviewer: Here's a suggestion that puts the last two together and wraps the text.

```suggestion
its keys after creation. In other words, it does not implement `setPublicKey()`
or `setPrivateKey()` methods.
```
